---
title: "Chapter 7 - Knights"
---
'Ahh, I'm going to die.'

Arsene walked with trembling legs while clinging to the wall.

Otherwise, he felt like he was going to fall and roll on the floor.

Perhaps that scene was hilarious, Sir Palato said in a voice mixed with laughter from behind, whether he was joking or being serious.

"I didn't know you're want to marry the wall. Let me give you a maid at least, will you take care of her?"

"...No, thanks."

Arsene didn't want to show that side of himself, even if it was difficult, so he refused and moved on.

In the end, Arsene could only turn 150 laps until it hit the 12 o'clock bell.

In fact, the first 100 laps he ran in less than half an hour, with Palato's continued encouragement “Faster! Is that all you can do?” It was the result of running with his legs loose for the remaining hour and a half due to the lack of pace control.

Today's achievement would be learning that he could run for around 30 minutes at a speed of about 60 km/h without problems.

"You've come."

When he returned, the public restaurant was crowded with people unlike what he had seen in the morning.

Perhaps because it had already been a while since the bell rang, there were some places where servants were cleaning up, and in others, people were eating.

Some looked like officials and some looked like squires.

Palato and Arsene drew attention as soon as they entered, and the party eating near the door waved before talking.

"Here, Sir Palato!"

Arsene realized that they were knights through the strange pressure he felt.

In fact, anyone can tell that they are knights just by looking at their physique, which seems to be one head bigger than others.

Everyone looked about ten years younger than Palato.

As Arsene and Palato approached, the first knight to call Palato jumped up.

The knight, who approached them, stroked Arsene's head as if he was a cute doll.

"Is this kid the newcomer? God, he’s so cute!"

"That's right. Let's just sit down and talk, Weeble. I've rolled this guy around a bit, so he's probably in trouble just standing right now."

As soon as Palato and Arsene sat next to the knights, the servants immediately brought the food.

White bread, soup, seasoned lamb, baked potatoes with cheese… Perhaps because of the crazy run, he was hungry, but there was no way to rush into the food without greeting the knights he was going to eat with at the same table.

Arsene turned away from the meal, desperately resisting.

"You guys say hello, too. This friend here is Arsene, who is going to be our new knight."

"I'm Arsene, a knight who’s training as a squire under Sir Palato. I'm looking forward to working with you."

Arsene bowed politely at Palato's introduction.

Again, this time, the strange introduction phrase, "A knight who’s training as a squire" seemed ridiculous, and laughter erupted here and there.

Fortunately, it was more of a laugh at a child's ability rather than a mocking one.

"It's strange. He is a child, but he’s also a knight with powerful magic."

"I don't think he's trained before, but it's amazing how he became a knight. Oh, remember me? We met yesterday. I'm Genovia."

"Oh, yes. I remember. Dame Genovia."

The person pretending to know him friendly was the female knight he saw in the office yesterday evening.

His short red hair, which grew up to her shoulders, was unique.

Maybe because it was a fantasy world, he's seen many different hair colors so far, but he's never seen red hair like that.

"You must have heard from Sir Palato just now. My name is Weeble. Nice to see you, kid."

"Carmine."

"Nice to meet you. I look forward to your kind cooperation. Sir Weeble, Sir Carmine."

"Yes, I’m counting on you! Aren’t you too skinny? At a young age, you have to eat a lot of pork fat to build up your body. That way, you can be a great knight!"

Weeble was the big knight who just stood up and stroked Arsene's head, and Carmine was a much smaller-looking knight, at least it looked so while he was sitting.

Short sports hair, Honam-style impression, loud voice, and cheerful attitude described Weeble.

[Tl/N: Honam is a region from south Korea, in the southern-most part.]

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

Carmine had roughly grown hair, an angular, sharp face, and a sour expression.

Genovia was a woman, and the men Weeble and Carmine were easy to memorize because of their contrasting images.

Unlike Weeble, who treats Arsene politely as a cute kid because of his personality and gives advice, Carmine only said his name as if he only needed the least amount of attention and turned his head to eat.

"Don't worry about it. Carmine doesn't usually talk to anyone other than me and Weeble."

Arsene just smiled politely at Genovia's words.

Frankly, it was a little unpleasant, but what could he do?

He will have to find out gradually whether he’s wary and hostile towards the new knight - although Arsene’s only a knight candidate - or, as Genovia said, that he is originally like that.

"Well, let's stop talking. You must be pretty tired from running around the training field, so stop talking and let’s eat. I'm starving because I ran with him as a training supervisor."

"How many laps have you done?"

"I will keep the training secret for the honor of our Sir Arsene. I wouldn't say it myself."

The knights, who burst into laughter at Palato's words, started eating again.

Arsene also ate the food in front of him in line with the atmosphere.

It was fortunate that the dining culture of the estate was not like those of the Renaissance aristocrats, eating while maintaining an elegant attitude.

Even Palato and Carmine were eating food with a knife and fork roughly like an ordinary Korean eating Western food, and that was the most elegant level there.

Weeble and Genovia were barbarians who drank soup from the bowl and ate ribs with their bare hands.

During the meal, Weeble, Genovia, and Arsene talked about each other's personal affairs and strengthened their friendship.

Genovia's red hair is a feature that was hard to find in the surrounding area and was characteristic to people living in the far north, while Weeble, who was taller than Arsene, was awakened at the young age of 15 and grew in height.

"So you might even reach 3m. I've never seen a knight who awakened at such a young age as you!"

"It’s usually in mid-teens at the earliest. I awakened when I was 19, and it’s considered pretty fast. Does your height really have to do with your awakening age? Sir Ramune awakened at about the same age as you, but he's not that big."

"It's just..."

Feeling desperate for words, Weeble put the lamb ribs in his mouth again.

Arsene too, hoped that Genovia was right. It should be appropriate to say that being tall is good, but he couldn't even imagine how uncomfortable it would be if he grew up to 3m.

If it's a joint problem or something like that, it's okay because it's a knight, but once you're that tall, there's a high chance you won't be able to walk around with your back straight in any building.

"We'll be on our way then."

"Enjoy your meal, Sir Palato! Hey, kid, see you next time!"

"See you next time. Sir Weeble, Dame Genovia, Sir Carmine."

"Good night."

Genovia, Weeble, and Carmine got up from the table faster as they started eating first.

Carmine, surprisingly, didn't say anything until the end, only bowed lightly when he said goodbye to Palato.

After they left, Palato asked Arsene, who was sucking the spaghetti hard.

"How do you feel about meeting your colleagues?"

"I think they're good people. Well, honestly, I don't think Sir Carmine likes me very much, but..."

"Ha, he's a friend who gets misunderstood a lot. In the past, senior knights used to scold him a lot. That's what his personality is like now, but don't be so hard on him because he's a very considerate friend."

"I see."

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

Seeing that even Palato spoke like that, he wondered if it was really just a person lacking in social skills.

There were people like that in his previous lives.

People who find it uncomfortable to talk and interact with strangers.

In fact, there was no reason to be friends with all the colleagues, and Arsene himself was not so fond of meeting people.

Cows and chickens don't like each other so both don't show any interest in each other either.

"You're eating well. Do you like the food at the restaurant?"

"I must confess, I didn't eat and grow well in the fortress. I wasn't the favorite son."

"Damn, if my son had been a polite kid like you, I would have raised him with love and affection."

"Do you have a son?"

"I don't have a son, but I have a daughter. It's a no-brainer. She said she wanted to become a knight following her father, but I don't know if she has any talent.

He unconsciously thought Palato was single when he saw him in the training field since morning, but when he thought about it, it was rather strange that a knight that old had no family in this world.

Palato, who had been showing off his daughter's love by complaining a few things about her, wiped his mouth with a cloth and stood up.

"I'll be on my way. I think I'll be busy this afternoon, so you'll be free to spend it freely. Like I said earlier, you can visit Sir Luden."

"I'll look for it. Then work hard."

"Thank you. See you tomorrow."

Arsene continued to eat when all the knights left.

*I think I have a beggar in my stomach as I already ate more than ten times the amount I usually eat, but I keep eating endlessly.*

Arsene, who had barely felt full after a long meal, looked around and saw no one else eating.

Arsene stood up, then called a servant who was cleaning up the restaurant.

"Hey, do you happen to know where Sir Luden, the wizard is?"

"Are you talking about Sir Luden? As far as I know, he doesn't usually come out of the Eastern Annex."

"Where is the Eastern Annex?"

"Get out of the main gate and go straight to the left. Would you like me to show you?"

There was already a hint of reluctance on the servant's face when he said that.

*Is being a wizard that much repulsive?*

*On second thought, I didn't quite understand.*

‘Is it because I have memories of my past life, unlike everybody else? No way. I don't think that’s why.’

"No, that's fine. That's enough, I can go alone."

"I see."

The servant, who looked as if the word 'magician' was omitted from his back, quickly disappeared to do what he was doing.

After sending the servant, Arsene came out through the stairs and a few hallways to the main door and looked to the left.

A building that really looked like a wizard's tower was far away.

'It's even more fascinating that I didn't see this on my way here.'

Arsene, who came to the entrance of the tower, lifted the steel doorknob on the door and knocked.

There was already an unusual look from the rusty door chain.

"Is anybody there?"

[Who is it?]

Past the door, the voice of a man who seemed half asleep was heard.

The door opened after hearing the sound of things being pushed around, falling, and swearing.

"Did Sir Weeble sent you? Tell him his dirty armor is still far from being repaired! What is he urging me to do at this point?"

Surprisingly, the wizard Luden was a muscular giant with a shaggy head, sideburns, and beard that were indistinguishable.

He was shorter than the two-meter-tall knights, but he still looked about the size of his half-brother, Philus.

Maybe he was sleeping a little while ago, but his eyes were full of eye boogers and his beard was dry with saliva.

Elise was the same, but it seemed that none of the wizards he had seen in this world really looked like a wizard.

***

Want to know what happened next or just want to support us? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop!
( •̀ ω •́ )✧ https://ko-fi.com/homia